Alright, entonces vas a grabar estas
frases cinco veces cada una.
Primera frase.
First phrase, welcome to today's debate
on whether governments should have
authority to prohibit social media.
On whether governments should have the
Number two, they would be able to prevent
the spread of dangerous content.
They would be able to prevent the spread
of dangerous content.
Israeli society should be managed with
careful thought rather than sweeping bands.
The need for security might justify such
actions in specific situations.
actions in specific circumstances.
Thank you Alex and Jamie for your
insightful arguments.